Modules are one of the most important parts of the Gink programming
language.

There are two ways to compile a Gink program.

i. Using a file path:

This method is intended for quickly running a single file. It does
not require a reqter file in the directory.

If the specified file resides in a directory containing a reqter
file, the compiler switches to project mode instead of single-file
mode.

When it switches to project mode, the file's directory is considered as root.
Knowing this root is important. We will cover more on root in further docs.

$ gink run <path_to_file>

Use the above command to run a single file.

ii. Using a project:

You can use

$ gink run .

or do

$ gink run <path_to_file> (Works if you have reqter)

More often, you will want to compile an entire project rather than
a single file. For that, Gink uses reqter files.

Package managers in many languages are frustrating, so I tried to
combine the best ideas from different languages.

To create a project, use:

$ gink init <name>

or

$ gink init

If you use `gink init` without providing a name, you will be
prompted to enter one.

You can also create a reqter file manually, but this is strongly
discouraged. The parser is much stricter with reqter files than
with other files. Even a trailing space can trigger an error.
Since the file is intended to be generated automatically, the
parser validates it strictly.

Module names must contain at least one character and no more than
256 characters.

Module names cannot be keywords. All keywords are listed in:

"Chapter: Appendix - The Keywords"

A module name must begin with an alphabetic character. The
remaining characters may only be alphanumeric or underscores.

Any other character will be rejected by both the reqter file and
the compiler.

Each directory is treated as a module. A directory is only
considered part of a project if it contains a reqter file.

A directory is ignored if it doesn't contain a reqter file.
If the command is running using single file mode, since
the reqter doesn't exist, we run that and only that file.

If we use

$ gink run .

The compiler now have no idea on what to run.
So it throws an error.

If a main module exists in the project, the project is treated as
an executable.

If no main module exists, the project is treated as a library.

A directory may contain only one reqter file and therefore defines
exactly one module.

A file is considered part of a Gink project only if its first
logical line is a module declaration.

If a file declares a different module from the one defined in the
directory's reqter file, the compiler reports an error.

Comments may appear before the module declaration.

Example:

main.gink

/**/
// something

/*

something again

*/

module hello;


Files whose first logical line is not a module declaration are
ignored during project module validation.

I know this is a lot to keep in mind.

Because of that, I included a check command.

You can use:

$ gink check --modules

This command recursively scans all project directories and
validates their reqter files and module declarations.

It will skip directories that do not contain a reqter file.

Module names must be unique throughout an entire project.

Two directories within the same project cannot share the same
module name.

If you run the command from a directory, that directory is treated
as the root of the current project. Every module reachable from
that root must have a unique module name.

Distinction between logical line of module vs the files to be ingored:

Gink ignores files that aren't declared to be a module.
So if the first logical line clearly doesn't end with a semi colon
it doesn't even bother considering it as a part of the project.

Therefore you have to use:
module main;
The semi colon after main is important.

Also if you forget to add module declaration above the file
or if it is not the first logical declaration
the file is simply ignored by the compiler and isn't considered to be a part of the project.

The errors are only diagonsed if the compiler doesn't ingore you.
In other words

If your reqter has
module -> main

Your file has
module type

Note no semi colon above, you won't get an error, cause your file is simply ignored.

If your file had
module type;

Then you will get a clear error.